File Reviewed: parser.py
File Timestamp: 11/11/2014 5:40 PM
Sections Reviewed: 1. searchArticle, 2. add_article, 3. add_website, 4. add_citation
Code-Reviewer: Seong Min Jeong
Code-Author: Ali Mehdi

1. function searchArticle
a) Correctness: The function returns a list of urls from Google as intended.
b) Coding style: The coding style is neat and easy to read because of the consistent spacing in chunks of code.
c) Coding guidelines: Ali followed the pep8 guideline almost thoroughly. In the first for loop, the if statement below is not in 4-space.
d) Quality of documentation: There is only one comment in the code. Ali should put a small summary of the two for loops and their purpose.
e) Quality of testing: No test cases done.

2. function add_article
a) Correctness: The function puts the article in the database as intended.
b) Coding style: The coding style is neat and easy to read because of the consistent spacing in chunks of code.
c) Coding guidelines: Ali somewhat followed the pep8 guideline. In the two article objects, the spacing below art is not in 4-space. In the second article object, the end bracket is not lined up with the first character of the word.
d) Quality of documentation: There is an average amount of documentation in this function. In the two if statements, Ali should explain what happens when the article is already in the database.
e) Quality of testing: No test cases done.

3. function add_website
a) Correctness: The function puts the website in the database as intended.
b) Coding style: The coding style is neat and easy to read because of the consistent spacing in chunks of code.
c) Coding guidelines: Ali somewhat followed the pep8 guideline. In the two website objects, the spacing below art is not in 4-space. In the first website object, the end bracket is not lined up with the first character of the word.
d) Quality of documentation: There is an average amount of documentation in this function. In the two if statements, Ali should explain what happens when the website is already in the database.
e) Quality of testing: No test cases done.

4. function add_citation
a) Correctness: The function puts the citation in the database as intended.
b) Coding style: The coding style is neat and easy to read because of the consistent spacing in chunks of code.
c) Coding guidelines: Ali somewhat followed the pep8 guideline. In the two citation objects, the spacing below art is not in 4-space. In both citation objects, the end bracket is not lined up with the first character of the word.
d) Quality of documentation: There is an average amount of documentation in this function. In the two if statements, Ali should explain what happens when the citation is already in the database.
e) Quality of testing: No test cases done.

Summary:
For correctness, Ali made his functions work as intended. His coding style is easily readable due to spacing. Ali marginally followed the pep8 guildline, due to missing certain conventions in his code. The quality of Ali's documentation is decent and explains the purpose of a big chunk of code. All he needs to do is add few more lines of commenting and describe what happens when the data is already in the database or when connection to the database fails. Ali did not write any test cases.
